Update query-language.md (#7733)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/api/public-api/query-language.md

| `trait`     |                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Syntax      | `trait({s: String})` <br> `s` - the name of the trait to reference                                  |
| Return Type | `ScalarExtractor`                                                                                   |
| Description | Similar to the event operator, the trait operator is used to specify profile trait filter criteria. |

> | Notes       | You can reference other audiences by using the audience key as the trait name. Also note that inclusion of a `.` signifies traversal through nested structures. If the trait name contains a literal dot, it must be escaped using `\\\\`                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notes       | You can reference other audiences by using the audience key as the trait name. The `.` character indicates traversal through nested structures. If the trait name contains a literal period (`.`), it must be escaped using `\\\\`.                                              |
```

| Example     | `entity('accounts')`                                                                                |

| `property`  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Syntax      | `property({s: String})` <br> `s` - the name of the property to build an extractor for  <br> In the context of funnel audiences, you can add a parent prefix to reference the parent event. <br> `property(parent: {s: String})` |
| Return Type | `ScalarExtractor`                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | Notes       | Only valid within a `where` function or a Reducer. Also note that inclusion of a `.` signifies traversal through nested structures. If the property name contains a literal dot, it must be escaped using `\\\\`                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notes       | Only valid within a `where` function or a Reducer. The `.` character indicates traversal through nested structures. If the trait name contains a literal period (`.`), it must be escaped using `\\\\`.                 |
```

| `literal`                        |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Syntax                           | `literal({a: Any})`  <br> `a` - the value to treat as a literal expression                                                                                                                                                                     |
| Operations allowed in call-chain | None allowed; typically used within another function, like a comparison (with syntactic sugar, this would appear on the right side of the comparison). The outer function or comparison dictates the operations allowed in the call-chain. |

> | Notes                            | Literals can be `int`s, `float`s, `string`s, or `timestamp`s, where `timestamp`s follow ISO 8601 format. Note that in general `string` is interchangeable with all other formats, except when used in a `property` chained to an `entity`. In this case, we recommend using `timestamp` over `string` based on the datatype you're targeting.                                                                                                          |

Reviewer 2: >In this case, we recommend using `timestamp` over `string` based on the datatype you're targeting.
Shouldn't this say something like - we recommend matching the literal type against the data type of the entity property you are chaining against?

Also, should we mention support for `date` literals here?

| Example     | `one_of('shoes','shirts')`                                                         |

| `none_of`    |                                                                                          |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Syntax      | `none_of({a: Array})`<br>`a` - array of possible values                                   |
| Return Type | `Comparator`                                                                              |
| Description | Matches when the value does not exactly match one of the values from the parameter array. |
| Example     | `none_of('shoes','shirts')`                                                               |

| `before_date` |                                                                              |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Syntax        | `before_date({t: Timestamp})`<br>`t` - ISO 8601 timestamp                    |
| Return Type   | `Comparator`                                                                 |

> | Notes         | `string` format can also be use                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notes         | `string` format can also be used                                              |
```

ANY event('Shoes Bought').count() >= 1
```

#### Associated with Orders that have an association to Order Products

> This example collects all users which have at least 1 association to an `orders` entity where the `orders` entity has at least 1 association to an  `order-products` entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example collects all users who have at least 1 association to an `orders` entity where the `orders` entity has at least 1 association to an  `order-products` entity:
```

```sql
entity('orders').where(entity('order-products').count() >= 1).count() >= 1
```

#### Associated to Orders or is a VIP user

> This example collects all users which have at least 1 association to an `order` entity or have a `VIP` trait equal to true:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example collects all users who have at least 1 association to an `order` entity or have a `VIP` trait equal to true:
```

This example calculates the most frequent spend value for each user, based on all `Shoes Bought` events performed within the last 30 days. It only considers spend values that have a minimum frequency of `2`:

```sql

> ('Shoes Bought').within(30 days).mode(property('spend'), 2)

Reviewer 2: JC, why did you remove the `event()` function here?

Author: accident
